these Israelis are calling for prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu to step down
and hold new
elections marching through the streets
of hia they were joined by another group
this time with a message about the war
on Gaza with Banner stating there's no
military solution peace is a solution
the first group had a police permit the
second
didn't that's because the police refused
to allow a larger anti-war protest
citing concerns about disruption to
public order this protest challenging
netanyahu's government has been allowed
to go ahead you see it just behind me
but anything challenging the war on Gaza
has not leading many Palestinians to say
that the police are continuing to play
politics and preventing Unity with their
people one activist says amid heavy
police crackdowns many Palestinians fear
repercussions for attending protests in
solidarity with people in Gaza most
Palestinian citizens right now are
deterred you know there was you know the
persecution the heavy persecution that
happened uh you know at the very uh
beginning you know the very couple of
weeks um were quite effective uh you
know we are talking not only about uh
what happened now we're talking about as
well 2021 May 2021 where we still have
uh young Palestinians who went out to
protest and are still in prison
today in the past few weeks in Tel Aviv
and om faham police were filmed
violently breaking up anti-war protests
and in Nazareth they arrested Arab
members of the
knesset in a statement on social media
in October Police Commissioner Yakov
shabai said all protests would be banned
and anyone who wants to identify with
Gaza to go there these bans were
challenged in the Supreme Court which
ruled the police does not have the
authority to impose them but there's a
catch the court agreed that because the
police lacked a larger force due to the
war it could use its discretion in
Banning protests you are allowed to
protest you are allowed to have
demonstrations if you are still inside
the consensus that is supporting the war
if you want to protest against the war
if you want to say that what is
happening is so horrible then you are
not allowed especially
if you are an
Arab but with thousands of people
permitted to protest for the release of
hostages and even against the government
in Tel Aviv many say the police
considered descent against the war as a
red line and Palestinians are being
coerced into
silence Laura Khan Al jazer
hia make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer